Over the next twenty minutes the two women sorted the extended Mehta family comprising 117
people into thirty rooms. They used a complex algorithm with criteria like the people sharing the
room should not hate each other 
Look, I was gonna go easy on you and not to hurt your feelings
But I'm only going to get this one chance
Something's wrong, I can feel it (Six minutes, Slim Shady, you're on)
Just a feeling I've got, like something's about to happen, but I don't know what
If that means, what I think it means, we're in trouble, big trouble,
And if he is as bananas as you say, I'm not taking any chances
You were just what the doctor ordered
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
They said I rap like a robot, so call me Rapbot
But for me to rap like a computer must be in my genes
I got a laptop in my back pocket
My pen'll go off when I half-cock it
Got a fat knot from that rap profit
Made a living and a killing off it
Ever since Bill Clinton was still in office
With Monica Lewinsky feeling on his nut-sack
I'm an MC still as honest
But as rude and indecent as all hell syllables, killaholic (Kill 'em all with)
This slickety, gibbedy, hibbedy hip hop
You don't really wanna get into a pissing match with this rappidy rap
Packing a Mac in the back of the Ac, pack backpack rap, yep, yackidy-yac
The exact same time I attempt these lyrical acrobat stunts while I'm practicing
That I'll still be able to break a motherfuckin' table
Over the back of a couple of faggots and crack it in half
Only realized it was ironic I was signed to Aftermath after the fact
How could I not blow? All I do is drop F-bombs, feel my wrath of attack
Rappers are having a rough time period, here's a Maxipad
It's actually disastrously bad
For the wack while I'm masterfully constructing this masterpiece as
I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
Now who thinks their arms are long enough to slap box, slap box?
Let me show you maintaining this shit ain't that hard, that hard
Everybody want the key and the secret to rap immortality like I have got
Well, to be truthful the blueprint's simply rage and youthful exuberance
Everybody loves to root for a nuisance
Hit the earth like an asteroid, did nothing but shoot for the moon since
MC's get taken to school with this music
'Cause I use it as a vehicle to bust a rhyme
Now I lead a new school full of students
Me? I'm a product of Rakim, Lakim Shabazz, 2Pac N-
-W.A, Cube, hey, Doc, Ren, Yella, Eazy, thank you, they got Slim
Inspired enough to one day grow up, blow up and be in a position
To meet Run DMC and induct them into the motherfuckin' Rock n'
Roll Hall of Fame
Even though I walk in the church and burst in a ball of flames
Only Hall of Fame I be inducted in is the alcohol of fame
On the wall of shame
You fags think it's all a game 'til I walk a flock of flames
Off of planking, tell me what in the fuck are you thinking?
Little gay looking boy
So gay I can barely say it with a straight face looking boy
You witnessing a massacre
Like you watching a church gathering take place looking boy
Oy vey, that boy's gay, that's all they say looking boy
You get a thumbs up, pat on the back
And a way to go from your label everyday looking boy
Hey, looking boy, what you say looking boy?
I got a "hell yeah" from Dre looking boy
I'mma work for everything I have
Never ask nobody for shit, get outta my face looking boy
Basically boy you're never gonna be capable
To keep up with the same pace looking boy
'Cause I'm beginning to feel like a Rap God, Rap God
All my people from the front to the back nod, back nod
The way I'm racing around the track, call me Nascar, Nascar
Dale Earnhardt of the trailer park, the White Trash God
Kneel before General Zod this planet's Krypton, no Asgard, Asgard
So you be Thor and I'll be Odin, you rodent, I'm omnipotent
Let off then I'm reloading immediately with these bombs I'm totin'
And I should not be woken
I'm the walking dead, but I'm just a talking head, a zombie floating
But I got your mom deep throating
I'm out my ramen noodle, we have nothing in common, poodle
I'm a doberman, pinch yourself in the arm and pay homage, pupil
It's me, my honesty's brutal
But it's honestly futile if I don't utilize what I do though
For good at least once in a while
So I wanna make sure somewhere in this chicken scratch I scribble and doodle
Enough rhymes to maybe to try and help get some people through tough times
But I gotta keep a few punchlines just in case cause even you unsigned
Rappers are hungry looking at me like it's lunchtime
I know there was a time where once I
Was king of the underground, but I still rap like I'm on my Pharoahe Monch grind
So I crunch rhymes, but sometimes when you combine
Appeal with the skin color of mine
You get too big and here they come trying to,
Censor you like that one line I said on "I'm Back" from the Marshall Mathers LP
One where I tried to say I take seven kids from Columbine
Put 'em all in a line, add an AK-47, a revolver and a nine
See if I get away with it now that I ain't as big as I was, but I've
Morphed into an immortal coming through the portal
You're stuck in a time warp from 2004 though
And I don't know what the fuck that you rhyme for
You're pointless as Rapunzel with fucking cornrows
You're like normal, fuck being normal
And I just bought a new Raygun from the future
To just come and shoot ya like when Fabolous made Ray J mad
'Cause Fab said he looked like a fag at Maywhether’s pad
Singin' to a man while they played piano
Man, oh man, that was a 24/7 special on the cable channel
So Ray J went straight to the radio station the very next day
"Hey, Fab, I'mma kill you"
Lyrics coming at you at supersonic speed, (JJ Fad)
Uh, sama lamaa duma lamaa you assuming I'm a human
What I gotta do to get it through to you I'm superhuman
Innovative and I'm made of rubber
So that anything you saying ricocheting off of me and it'll glue to you
I'm never stating, more than never demonstrating
How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating
Never fading, and I know that the haters are forever waiting
For the day that they can say I fell off, they'd be celebrating
Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated
I make elevating music, you make elevator music
Oh, he's too mainstream
Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it
It's not hip hop, it's pop, cause I found a hella way to fuse it
With rock, shock rap with Doc
Throw on Lose Yourself and make 'em lose it
I don't know how to make songs like that
I don't know what words to use
Let me know when it occurs to you
While I’m ripping any one of these verses diverse as you
It’s curtains, I’m inadvertently hurtin' you
How many verses I gotta murder to,
Prove that if you're half as nice at songs you can sacrifice virgins too uh!
School flunkie, pill junky
But look at the accolades the skills brung me
Full of myself, but still hungry
I bully myself cause I make me do what I put my mind to
And I'm a million leagues above you, ill when I speak in tongues
But it's still tongue in cheek, fuck you
I'm drunk so Satan take the fucking wheel, I'm asleep in the front seat
Bumping Heavy D and the Boys, still chunky, but funky
But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling
Angels fight with devils, here's what they want from me
They asking me to eliminate some of the women hate
But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred that I had
Then you may be a little patient and more sympathetic to the situation
And understand the discrimination
But fuck it, life's handing you lemons, make lemonade then
But if I can't batter the women how the fuck am I supposed to bake them a cake then?
Don't mistake it for Satan
It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas
And take a vacation to trip a broad
And make her fall on her face and don't be a retard
Be a king? Think not, why be a king when you can be a God?
on. The thought made me shudder. I walked closer to the mirror. I saw my face up-close. ‘It’s all happening, Radhika,’ I said out loud. Hi, I am Radhika Mehta and I am getting married this week. I am twenty-seven years old. I grew up in Delhi. I now work in London, at Goldman Sachs, an investment bank. I am a vice president in the Distressed Debt Group. Thank you for reading my story. However, let me warn you. You may not like me too much. One, I make a lot of money. Two, I have an opinion on everything. Three, I’ve had sex. Now if I was a guy you would be okay with all of this. But since I am a girl these three things don’t really make me too likeable, do they? I am also a bit of a nerd. My sister, Aditi, and I went to school together in Delhi at Springdales, Pusa Road. She is just a year older than me. My parents wanted a son for their firstborn. When Aditi came, they had to undo the damage as soon as possible. Hence, my father, SBI Naraina Vihar Branch Manager Sudarshan Mehta, decided to have another child with his homemaker wife, Aparna Mehta. Sadly for them, the second was also a girl, which was me. It is rumoured that they tried again twice; both times my mother had an abortion because it was a girl. I confronted her on this topic years ago, but she brushed it off. ‘I don’t remember, actually,’ she said, ‘but I am happy with my two daughters.’ ‘You don’t remember two abortions?’ ‘You will judge me, so no point telling you. You don’t know what it is like to be without a
son.’
I had stopped asking her after that. In school, Aditi didi was a hundred times more popular than me. She was the girl boys had crushes on. I was the girl who started to wear spectacles in class six. Aditi didi is fair-complexioned. I am what they call wheatish in matrimonial ads (why don’t they call white-skinned people rice-ish?). We look like the before–after pictures in a fairness cream ad; I’m the before picture, of course. Aditi didi started dieting from age twelve, and waxed her legs from age thirteen. I topped my class at age twelve, and won the Maths Olympiad at age thirteen. Clearly, she was the cooler one. In school, people either didn’t notice me or made fun of me. I preferred the former. Hence, I stayed in the background, with my books. Once, in class ten, a boy asked me out in front of the whole class. He gave me a red rose along with an Archies greeting card. Overwhelmed, I cried tears of joy. Turned out it was a prank. The entire class laughed as he squeezed the rose and ink sprayed across my face. My spectacles protected my eyes, thankfully. That day I realized I had only one thing going for me—academics. In class twelve I was the school topper. I ranked among the top five in Delhi, which, come to think of it, was a major loser-like thing to do. Unlike me, Aditi didi had barely passed class twelve a year ago. However, she did win the unofficial title of Miss Hotness at her farewell. In some ways, oh well, in every way, that was a bigger achievement than topping CBSE. Have you heard about the insane cut-offs at Delhi University? I am the kind of student that causes them. I scored a 98 per cent aggregate in class twelve. Then I joined Shri Ram College of Commerce, or SRCC. People say it is one of the best colleges for nerds. At SRCC, I realized that I was nerdier than even the regular nerds. I topped there too. I never bunked a class. I hardly spoke to any boys, I made few friends. With bad school memories, I wanted to survive college with as little human contact as possible. I finished college and took the CAT for MBA entrance. As you can guess, nerdy me hit a 99.7 percentile. I made it to IIM Ahmedabad. In contrast, Aditi didi had finished her graduation from Amity University the year before and wanted to get married. She had two criteria for her groom. One, the boy had to be rich. Second, well, there was no second criterion really. She said something like she wanted to be a housewife and look after her husband. Fortunately, rich Punjabi men in Delhi who can’t woo women on their own are only too happy to oblige girls like her. Aditi didi married Anil, owner of three sanitaryware shops in Paharganj and two Honda CR-Vs. They had their wedding the same year I joined IIMA. ‘You should also get married soon,’ didi had told me. ‘There’s a right time for a girl to marry. Don’t delay it.’ ‘I am twenty-one,’ I said. ‘I haven’t even done my master’s yet.’ ‘The younger the better. Especially for someone like you,’ she said. ‘What do you mean especially for someone like me?’ She never explained. I guess she meant for someone as nerdy as me or as wheatish as me or someone whose breasts weren’t the size of footballs, as Punjabi men prefer. I joined IIMA. I finally found nerd heaven. Everyone studied, and just when you thought you had studied enough, the institute gave you more assignments. My mother called on a regular basis, primarily to discuss her favourite topic. ‘Start looking at boys at least. Anil’s circle has many good, rich guys.’ ‘I am not going to marry a man from the circle of sanitaryware shop owners, mom.’ ‘Why?’ my mother said, genuinely confused.
‘You know what, I am not getting married for several years anyway. Forget it. I have class now. Bye.’ I finished with IIMA. Overachiever me had a job offer on Day Zero, the prime slot for recruiters. I got an offer to be an associate at Goldman Sachs, New York. The job paid an annual compensation of 120,000 dollars. ‘Forty-eight lakh rupees a year, four lakhs a month, mom,’ I told her on the phone. I heard nothing in response. Most likely she had fainted. My father had never crossed a third of this amount in his twenty-five-year career with the State Bank of India. ‘Are you there, mom?’ ‘How will I ever find a boy for you?’ she said. That was her prime concern. Her twenty-three-year-old daughter, who grew up in middleclass West Delhi, had cracked a job at one of the biggest investment banks in the world and all she cared about was its impact on her groom-hunt. ‘Stop it, mom. What boy?’ ‘Who wants to marry a girl who earns so much? If the boy earns less, he won’t consider you. If he earns more, why would he marry a working girl?’ ‘I have no idea what you are talking about. But I am moving to America. I have a great job. Can you save your melodrama for another time?’ ‘Your father wants to speak to you,’ she said and passed him the phone. ‘Goldman Sachs? American, no?’ he said.
My room phone rang, startling me back to reality. I am in Goa, not IIMA, I reminded myself. ‘Where are you? The Gulatis are ten minutes away,’ my mother said. ‘Huh? I am here, mom. In my room.’ ‘Are you dressed?’ I looked in the mirror. ‘Yeah, almost.’ ‘Come down fast. What are you wearing?’ ‘The yellow salwar-kameez. Zari border.’ ‘Silk?’ ‘Yes.’ ‘You wore a chain?’ ‘Yes.’ ‘Come then.’
‘Hey, remember me?’ I heard a voice behind me. I turned around. ‘Brijesh,’ I said to my husband-to-be. ‘Hi.’
I didn’t know what to do next. Should I look shy? Should I giggle? Should I give him a hug? Like an idiot, I shook hands with him while he adjusted his black-rimmed spectacles with his left hand. Unlike how he’d looked in the Skype calls of the past few weeks, he was thinner, his white kurta and blue jeans hanging a bit on him. His neatly combed side-parted hair made him look like those schoolboys whom teachers first ask to become prefects. I smelled strong aftershave. I was in the lobby. The boy’s side had arrived. They crowded around the special check-in desk. The hotel staff brought in trays filled with glasses of coconut water. ‘I made them get the coconut water. It wasn’t part of the package,’ Suraj told me. He was trying hard to compensate for the rooms’ disaster. He gave me a printout of the week’s plan. I glanced at it.
 
Radhika weds Brijesh: Itinerary for the week
 
Day 1: Arrival, check-ins, briefing, relax in resort Day 2: Goa Darshan Tour for elders and children (11 a.m.-6 p.m.)
Bachelor Party for Mr Brijesh Gulati at Club Cubana (8 p.m.)
Bachelorette Party for Ms Radhika Mehta at LPK (8 p.m.)
 
‘You have organized buses for the bachelor parties?’ I said. ‘Yes, ma’am. The buses will be there at 7.30 at the front entrance.’ I read further.
 
Day 3: Bhajan and Puja in function room (4 p.m.) Day 4: Mehndi—counters for all ladies in function room (12-6 p.m.) Day 5: Sangeet in function room (8 p.m.)
 
‘The choreographer is here for the sangeet practice?’ I said. ‘No, ma’am. He will arrive in two days. He said that’s enough time for practice.’ I looked at the itinerary again.
 
Day 6: Wedding at the Grand Ballroom and the Main Lawns (8 p.m.) Day 7: Checkouts and departures (12 noon)
 
Suraj handed over the other sheets with details about each function and venue. ‘Sorry about the rooms’ goof-up, madam. Everything is under control now,’ he said. Suraj had just left when Brijesh came up behind me. ‘This place is beautiful. Great idea to have a wedding in Goa,’ he said. His accent was 90 per cent Indian and 10 per cent American. From a distance I saw my parents at the Marriott entrance, greeting Brijesh’s parents and their relatives with folded hands. I focused back on Brijesh. ‘Thank you. I always wanted a destination wedding,’ I said. Awkward silence for ten long, slow seconds. What are we supposed to say to each other? Should I break the ice? Should I say, hey, we can officially start having sex in a week? Shut up, Radhika. Shut the fuck up. ‘You look,’ Brijesh paused, searching for an apt word, ‘beautiful.’ Could you do no better, Mr Groom? Stop it, Radhika, I scolded myself. Yeah, stop it, Radhika! I have to tell you about this bad habit of mine. I have this little person, this inner mini-me who keeps chattering about every situation or person around me. Sometimes, this mini-me overwhelms me so much I have to think hard to remember what just happened. ‘Thank you,’ I said. ‘Thank you, Brijesh.’ And what sort of a name is Brijesh? Can it be more unfashionable? Radhika, you are going to marry a guy called Brijesh. You will be Mrs Brijesh Gulati. That’s terrible. Okay, stop it. Stop it, Radhika. He’s come a long way. He’s a nice guy. That’s what matters, right? ‘Yellow looks nice on you,’ Brijesh continued. Actually, yellow sucks on me, what with my famous wheatish complexion. I wore this because mom wanted a sunflower in the lobby when the Gulatis arrived. Okay, he is trying. ‘Thanks,’ I said. Say more, you stupid girl. ‘Your kurta is also nice,’ I said. Duh, could you be more stupid? ‘Hello, beta.’ A man in his early fifties along with his wife came up to me. They seemed too
enthusiastic to be complete strangers. It took me a second to place them. All right, they were my inlaws. Mr Aadarsh Gulati and Mrs Sulochana Gulati. Radhika, behave. Don’t say anything stupid. Be like mom. Be like Aditi. What would Aditi didi do? She would touch their feet. C’mon, dive, then. I bent down. I touched the feet of people I had only Skyped twice in my life but who now deserved my total respect. My parents had met them several times, of course. Dad told me they were nice people. Nice people? How does anyone figure out nice people? Are there any nice people in this world? See, my mind won’t stop chattering. Ever. ‘How was your flight, uncle?’ I said. ‘Just one hour from Mumbai. Not like Brijesh, who has come from halfway across the world,’ Aadarsh uncle said. ‘For you, of course,’ Sulochana aunty said and cupped my cheeks. She planted a big kiss on my forehead. I guess, considering this is a country where in-laws burn brides, they did seem like nice people. More of Brijesh’s relatives swarmed around us. ‘Come, come, see the dulhan,’ one of the aunts said. The monkey was out of the cage and there was a free sighting in the lobby. A crowd gathered around me. I tried to remember as many names as possible. ‘My mother’s sisters, Rohini masi and Gunjan masi,’ Brijesh said, ‘and that’s dad’s brothers, Purohit chacha and Amit chacha.’ Bob-bob went my head as I wished them all. If I saw anyone with even a hint of white or dyed or henna-tinted hair, I went for their feet. Exactly as my mother would expect me to. Amid the introductions and obsequious respect going on, Brijesh pulled me aside. ‘Hey, is this too much for you?’ I shrugged. ‘Is there somewhere we could take a walk?’ he said. There, he was being sweet. I had told him earlier I wanted to get to know him better, and he was making an effort. ‘Sure. Let’s go to the poolside,’ I said.
P
2
alm trees along the Marriott pool swayed green in the breeze. The 5 p.m. December sun lit up the hotel’s cottages, casting gentle shadows everywhere. We went down the walking path, with the hotel to our left and the Arabian Sea to our right. I felt overdressed in my sunflower outfit as other hotel guests roamed around in shorts and vests. ‘So you just arrived yesterday from San Francisco?’ I said. ‘Yeah, landed last night,’ he said. ‘I wanted to maximize my leave. One week for the wedding. A couple of days after that at home in Mumbai. Then Bali for our honeymoon. Used it all up, actually.’ The word honeymoon caused a jolt in me. Mini-me woke up again. Honeymoon! After a dozen-odd Skype calls and meeting once over a day trip? A week in Bali with this man I am walking next to. Will we be naked? Stop it, Radhika. Focus on the moment. ‘Must be tiring, flying so much,’ I said. ‘I saw you. Not tired anymore.’ I smiled. The man is trying. Maybe I should too. Brijesh smiled back. He had innocent teacher’s-pet eyes. ‘How’s Facebook?’ I said. ‘I had a busy month. Just finished an enterprise project. So much work, front-end interfaces, back-end systems, underlying APIs.’ ‘APIs?’ ‘Application programme interface. Set of routines, protocols and tools for building software applications. How software components interact, basically.’ I nodded, having understood not a word. ‘You have no idea what I am talking about, right?’ I laughed. ‘I know. Not the most exciting job in the world,’ he said, his voice flat. ‘Come on, you work at Facebook. It’s quite cool.’ ‘People think it is Facebook so there’s nothing to do. We post pictures all day or something.’ ‘I am sure it is pretty high-tech behind the scenes.’ Should I talk about more personal stuff? He will happily discuss computer code for two hours if I let him. Radhika, take control. ‘You like your job?’ I said. Brijesh shrugged. ‘It’s nice. A lot of smart people. Always stuff happening. Pays well. Stock options. Flexi time. . .’ ‘What about that start-up idea?’ I said. He had mentioned setting up his own software company when we’d met earlier.
‘That’s there. I still want to do it,’ Brijesh said. ‘So then?’ ‘Facebook is hard to leave. The salary, stock options and benefits. Plus, I would need funding. Arranging all that, leaving that level of security takes a lot. Just simpler this way.’ I nodded. We had to talk beyond work. Fortunately, he switched topics. ‘I love Goa,’ he said. ‘I am here after a decade. We came here from our engineering college. Of course, not to such fancy resorts. We stayed in a simple place. Ate at the shacks.’ ‘I love the shacks.’ ‘You will love San Francisco too,’ he said. ‘I have lived in New York. Never on the West Coast.’ ‘California is different from New York. More laid-back.’ ‘Even our group at Goldman is supposed to be more chilled out in San Francisco.’ ‘How’s that coming along? Your transfer done?’ My phone buzzed twice. ‘Sorry, phone. Maybe mom needs something,’ I said. ‘Sure,’ Brijesh said. I had two messages from an unknown number. The number started with ‘+1’. Someone in the USA, I figured. ‘Hey, heard you are getting married. True?’ said the first message. ‘This is Debu, by the way. Hope you remember me,’ said the second. Debu? Debashish Sen! After what, like, three years? Debu was messaging me? ‘Hi,’ I typed back. He replied immediately. ‘Hi, Radhika. How are you? Took me a while to hunt for your number. Been wanting to talk to you.’ ‘Everything okay?’ Brijesh said, noticing how preoccupied I was with my phone. ‘Huh? Yeah, all good,’ I said, my voice nervous. I lowered the phone and clenched it in my hand. ‘So, all done?’ Brijesh said. ‘What?’ ‘Your transfer. We were just talking about it.’ ‘Huh? Yes, yes. It’s done, mostly. I will have to shuttle between London and San Francisco a few times, for my existing investments. But it is done.’ My phone buzzed three more times, vibrating in my hand. I should have ignored it. However, there is something about buzzing phones—my obsessive-compulsive disorder makes me look at them. After all, it could be mom or Aditi didi. It wasn’t. ‘Hey baby. I just want to say I am sorry,’ Debu’s message said. He continued: ‘I found out you are getting married.’ ‘I couldn’t believe it.’ I had to reply to this. ‘Why? You didn’t think anyone would?’ I typed back. Having reached the end of the garden, Brijesh and I turned around to stroll back. ‘We have to find a place to stay. Facebook is in Menlo Park, Goldman Sachs is downtown, right?’ Brijesh said. ‘Huh? What is downtown?’ I said, my mind still on Debu’s message. ‘Goldman Sachs. San Francisco office,’ Brijesh said, each word slow and deliberate. After
all, he was speaking to a distracted idiot like me. ‘Yeah, Goldman is on California Street, downtown.’ My phone buzzed a few more times. I swore to myself not to check it. I focused on Brijesh. ‘So we have to decide whether we’ll stay downtown or near Menlo Park, which is in Palo Alto,’ Brijesh said. ‘Yeah, sure.’ ‘Sure what?’ ‘You are right.’ I had no idea what he just said. ‘I said you have to choose. Downtown or Palo Alto?’ ‘Why do I have to choose?’ ‘Radhika, are you okay? I said, we have to choose where we’ll stay.’ I finally figured out the conversation. ‘Uh-oh. Well, I am easy, actually. You are already staying in Menlo Park, right?’ ‘Yeah, but my lease expires in two months.’ Just one little peek, I told myself. I will have a quick look at the phone and then pay full attention to Brijesh. I lifted the phone. Among the many messages from Debu, one read: ‘I love you.’ Fuck. Fortunately, I did not blurt the word out. I immediately shut the phone. I placed my hand on my face. ‘I was keen to move out anyway,’ Brijesh said. ‘Radhika, are you okay? Everything under control?’ ‘Actually, I need to go back. Mom needs something. Jewellery issues,’ I said. ‘Ah. Indian weddings,’ Brijesh said. Yeah, I had lied to my husband-to-be, within one hour of his arrival. What a wonderful bride I am going to make, isn’t it? See, I told you, you won’t like me very much. ‘So I will see you again soon?’ I said. ‘Of course,’ Brijesh said, with a twinkle in his eye. ‘I am going to be your husband, you are going to see me all the time. Come, let’s walk back.’ I gripped my phone tight as if otherwise the messages would leak out and fall on the floor. Brijesh left me at the lift lobby, where he met one of his cousins who wanted to talk to him. The lift door shut. I pressed the button to the fourth floor, and took a deep breath. I checked my phone. It had tons of messages from Debu. ‘For the past few months I have been thinking of you constantly.’ ‘Only had the courage to text you now.’ ‘I made the biggest mistake. I didn’t value you.’ ‘I love you.’ What the hell is he talking about? Ting! The lift reached my floor. I walked up to my room and rang the bell. Aditi didi opened the door. ‘Where were you?’ She gave me a mischievous look. ‘With Brijesh?’ I smiled, as if caught red-handed. I am the coy bride. I have to smile whenever my would-behusband is mentioned. Didi had opened one of her suitcases. It was the kind of giant bag murderers use to hide bodies. She had six dresses spread out on the bed. ‘What is Brijesh like?’ she said, as she unfolded a red dress.
‘Decent. Getting to know him,’ I said, plonking myself on the sofa. I took out my phone again. Why? Why am I taking out my phone again? Aditi didi continued to talk. ‘I didn’t know Anil at all before marriage. You just get to know each other better after the wedding. The honeymoon helps.’ She winked at me. I nodded, even as I wondered what to reply to Debu. ‘I really do,’ Debu texted again. The guy who earlier took ten days to reply to a text was now sending ten texts a minute. ‘Are you high?’ I replied. Debu and I ended up having a chat. ‘No. It is 5 in the morning here. I am having my coffee. This is not a drunk text.’ ‘Good. Then you need to know I am getting married in five days.’ ‘What? So soon?’ ‘Yes. Guests are already here.’ ‘Whom are you getting married to?’ ‘Someone not as insecure as you. . .’ I typed and deleted. ‘Brijesh Gulati. . .’ I typed and deleted again. I decided to not reply. Didi held up two dresses, one blue and one red. ‘Which one should I wear for tomorrow’s bachelorette? Honest opinion,’ she said. ‘Both are good. Which is your favourite?’ I said. ‘I like the red. But it’s really short. Is it screaming for attention too much?’ she said. Of course, it is. But that’s what you have always wanted, sister. Why stop yourself now? ‘It’s fine. Wear whatever you like,’ I said. ‘I’ll wear the blue. It’s to the knees. More elder-sister-of-the-bride types.’ ‘You are only a year older.’ ‘Yeah, that is also true. And tomorrow is the only day I get to wear a Western dress. I only wear Indian after that. I am one of the few girls here who can actually carry off a dress like this.’ She lifted her red dress. Yes, Aditi didi with her super-slim soup-and-salad-diet figure could carry it off. ‘Red, didi. End of debate,’ I said. My phone buzzed. ‘Babes, who are you getting married to?’ Debu said. I replied, ‘It doesn’t matter. You are not in my life anymore, Debashish.’ ‘Can you call me Debu at least?’ ‘I am busy, Debashish. I don’t have time for this.’ ‘Where’s the wedding?’ I didn’t respond. ‘You didn’t invite me?’ he said, needling me again. Asshole, you didn’t even return my calls, I wanted to say but didn’t. My phone rang. Debu was trying to call me. I cut the call. I typed back a message. ‘Don’t call me. I told you I am busy. There are people around.’ ‘So just reply to me. Where is the wedding?’ ‘Why?’ ‘Just curious.’ ‘Whatever,’ I typed back. ‘I can call friends around and find out. So why don’t you just tell me?’ ‘Goa.’
‘Wow! Destination wedding and all.’ I didn’t respond. To distract myself I asked Aditi didi a deep existential question: ‘What shoes are you wearing with this?’ ‘Oh see, now that’s an issue too. I have these four-inch-heel red stilettos, but that’s definitely attention-seeking.’ ‘Yeah, plus we are going dancing. Would be difficult in high heels. I am wearing flats.’ My sister feels her deepest bond with me when I discuss clothes and shoes with her. She came up to me and pulled my cheeks. ‘You can’t wear flats for your bachelorette. How cute you are. You don’t know anything.’ Yes, I may be a distressed debt specialist. I may have rescued bankrupt companies and structured complex takeovers. I may be a vice president at Goldman 